{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Rockwell;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\widctlpar\li2880\b\f0\fs28\lang6153      DAVID WALSH\par

\pard\widctlpar\qc\fs20 Portacarron, Oughterard, Co. Galway\par
davidpmwalsh@gmail.com\par

\pard\widctlpar\tx2923\tqc\tx4535\tab\tab 089 201 0172\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\b0\par
\ul\b PERSONAL PROFILE\par
\ulnone\b0 I consider myself a Software Developer in-training. I have a varied, diverse skillset that encompasses staff management, customer service, technical skills, Medical Device production and Retail Sales. I have often been commended by my peers on my attention to detail in my work and determination to get the job done. I like to work efficiently, and as part of a team. \par
I have strong technical skills as well as excellent interpersonal skills, enabling me to interact with a wide range of employers and colleagues. I am eager to pursue a career change to Software Development and further develop my skillset in this Industry.\par
\par
\par
\ul\b KEY SKILLS \par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\ulnone Applications: \b0 Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook,), Adobe, Photoshop, Premier Pro\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b Programming Languages: \b0 CSS, HTML5, JavaScript, Python\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b Operating Systems: \b0 Windows 8, Windows 10\b\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Database Systems: \b0 MySQL, Mongo DB\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b Content Management Systems: \b0 GitHub, AWS Cloud9, Heroku\b\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Customer Service Experience\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}First Aid certified \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Train the trainer modules completed\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Motorcycle & Car Driving Licence and own transport\par

\pard\widctlpar\li720\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\par

\pard\widctlpar\cf1\ul EDUCATION AND TRAINING\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\li720\ulnone 2022 \endash  Present \tab FIT Software Development Apprenticeship, \par
NFQ QQI Level 6\par
\par
Modules; C\cf0\b0\f1\fs22 #, Data Security, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, Systems Analysis & Design, OOP, Project Management, Communication in Business, SQL. \cf1\b\f0\fs20\par
\par
\b0\i\tab\tab\tab\par

\pard\widctlpar\b\i0 2012 - 2015\tab\b0\tab\tab\b National University of Ireland, Galway\par
\b0\tab\tab\tab\tab\b B.A. (Hons) Economics and History\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\b0 Final Year deferred to pursue career change\b  \par
\b0\i\par
Modules:\tab\tab\tab\i0 Intermediate Microeconomics\i , \i0 Intermediate Macroeconomics\par

\pard\widctlpar\li2880 Irish Economic History, Statistics, Money and Banking, Economics of Financial Markets; Native North American History, Vichy France, Industrial revolution in Ireland, Henry VIII, Genghis Khan & the Mongols.\par

\pard\widctlpar\cf0\i\par

\pard\widctlpar\li2880\b\i0\par

\pard\widctlpar 2004 \endash  2009\b0\tab\tab\tab St. Pauls Secondary School, Oughterard Co. Galway\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi720\li2160\b Leaving Certificate \endash  400pts\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\ul\par
\par
\par
\par
WORK EXPERIENCE\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\ri-514\ulnone  April 2021 \endash  Present\tab Cambus Medical, Spiddal, Co Galway \endash  \b0\i Specialist in the development of medically advanced hypotubes and microcomponent solutions\b\i0\par

\pard\widctlpar\b0\par
\tab\tab\b\tab\tab Production Group Lead II\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li3240\b0 Induction and training of new staff\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Suggested time saving initiatives that reduced physicality of various work-steps.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Data entry training on Excel \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Exceeded outputs and consistently beat targets.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Prepared daily and weekly production records.\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li3240\sa160\sl252\slmult1 Provided cross-departmental support in the pursuit of company goals and objectives\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Facilitated the implementation of the Lean Systems philosophy in the Manufacturing Department\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Regularly attended cross-departmental meetings presenting current issues and achievements of my Cells.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Interacted with senior management including Engineering, Quality, Site Leads.\par

\pard\widctlpar\li3240\sa160\sl252\slmult1\par

\pard\widctlpar\ri-514\b January 2019 \endash  March 2021 \tab Crospon \endash  Medtronic & Covidien \endash  Medtronic\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Dangan & Mervue, Co. Galway\par

\pard\widctlpar\li2880\ri-514\b0\i Global leader & innovator in Medical Device Technology.\b\par

\pard\widctlpar\b0\i0\par
\tab\tab\b\tab\tab Ventilator Disassembly and Packing Operator -\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab Covidien-Medtronic\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li3240\b0 Volunteered to move production site to assist production of Medical Ventilators during initial outbreak of COVID-19\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Induction and training of new staff\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Final Production Inspection\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Assembled and tested Respiratory Ventilators \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Basic data entry training on BPCS inventory management.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi720\li2160\b Final product inspection and Packing -\par

\pard\widctlpar\tab\tab\tab\tab Crospon-Medtronic\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li3240\tx540\b0 Assisted Quality team with identifying issues\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Worked on Catheter manufacturing line\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Built up positive relationships with the team\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Point of contact for co-worker queries\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Responsible for Saline solution creation \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Use of Microscopes for quality inspection\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Responsible for document control for manufacturing Line.\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\par

\pard\widctlpar\ri-514\b Nov 2018 \endash  Dec 2018\b0\tab\b Fonez, Galway\par

\pard\widctlpar\li2880\ri-514\b0\i Reseller of refurbished and new phones & Phone repair Service\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\b\tab\tab\tab\i0\tab Sales Associate\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li3240\b0 Knowledge of Mobile phone variants and accessories\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Identified customer needs, suggested relevant products\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Upsold whenever possible\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Scheduled same-day repairs for customer electronics\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Achieved access to commission-rewarded sales after 2 weeks on the job.\par

\pard\widctlpar\ul\b\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi-2880\li2880\ri-514\ulnone Jan 2015 \endash  Oct 2015\b0\tab\b Power Thatched Bar & Restaurant Oughterard, Co. Galway\par

\pard\widctlpar\li2880\ri-514\b0\i Bar & Restaurant \b\par
\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\b\tab\tab\tab\i0\tab Commis Chef\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li3240\b0 Preparation and service\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Ordering and Inventory\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Opening and closing the premises \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Promoted the company through social media channels\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Developed a thorough knowledge of Allergens \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Undertook multiple 12-hour shifts weekly\par

\pard\widctlpar\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi-2880\li2880\ri-514\b Feb 2009 \endash  Oct 2013\b0\tab\b Commis Chef/Waiter, Oughterard Golf Club Bar &    Restaurant, Oughterard Co Galway\par

\pard\widctlpar\li2880\ri-514\b0\i\par

\pard\widctlpar\tab\tab\tab\tab\b\i0 Commis Chef\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li3240\b0 Maintained a high standard of cleanliness\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Worked alongside the head Chef \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Food preparation and service\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Management of Dining room and interacting with customers.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Ensured HACCP and other regulations were adhered to and compliant.\par

\pard\widctlpar\ul\b\par
\par
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li426\ulnone\b0\lquote Train the Trainer\rquote  module attended \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Chemical Training and Electrostatic awareness Training\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}First Aid Certificate \par

\pard\widctlpar\ul\b\par
INTERESTS\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-567\li567\ulnone\b0 New Technology: Keen interest in software and hardware developments \endash  my most essential apps include Adobe Premier Pro and Photoshop, as I like to do some video editing in my spare time. \ul\b\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Reading: I am a lifelong reader, with a specific interest in Biographies, Fiction and New Technology.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Motorcycling: I often attend group ride-outs where our local group will assist in fundraising for local and national charities throughout the year. I have a keen interest in the technology of Racing.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Travelling: I have spent 3 months in Chicago, IL where I worked as a Chef in a busy restaurant while exploring and experiencing the US on a J1 visa while attending University.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}I spent almost 2 years in Australia from 2015 to 2017, working on various fruit and textile-farms all over the continent. I travelled and stayed in a self-made campervan as I drove 30,000km over 6 months. I scuba-dived around the great barrier reef while in Cairns.\par

\pard\widctlpar\par
\par
\ul\b REFERENCES AVAILABLE ON REQUEST\ulnone\b0\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\sub\lang1033\par
\nosupersub\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\sb200\sl252\slmult1\f2\fs18\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl252\slmult1\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f1\fs22\lang6153\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f3\lang9\par
}
 